Release of API version 1.0.0-rc.1 (#127)
camaraproject/SimSwap: README.md

* Started: October 2022
* Location: virtually  

## Status and released versions

* Note: Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. **For best results, use the latest available release**.

> * **The latest pre-release of CAMARA Sim Swap API is 1.0.0-rc.1. This is the release candidate of the first stable version of the API**. It is suitable for implementors.
> * The Release Tag is [r1.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/releases/tag/r1.1).
>   - API definition **with inline documentation**:
>     - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim_swap.yaml)
>     - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim_swap.yaml&nocors) 
>     - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim_swap.yaml)

Reviewer: This part does not fit completely, especially not as there a now two APIs in the release, with different versions.

A suggestion below, a slightly different format example you can find in https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/190

```suggestion
* The latest pre-release is [r1.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/releases/tag/r1.1). It contains:
  * **sim-swap v1.0.0-rc.1** 
    * **This is the release candidate of the first stable version of the Sim Swap API**. It is suitable for implementors.
    * API definitions (with inline documentation):
      * OpenAPI [YAML](https://github.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim_swap.yaml)
      * [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim_swap.yaml&nocors) 
      * [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim_swap.yaml)
  * sim-swap-swap-subscriptions v0.1.0-alpha.1
     * This is the first alpha version for CAMARA Sim Swap subscription API. It should considered as a draft.
     * API definitions (with inline documentation):
       * OpenAPI [YAML](https://github.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/blob/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim-swap-subscriptions.yaml)
       * [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim-swap-subscriptions.yaml&nocors) 
       * [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/SimSwap/r1.1/code/API_definitions/sim-swap-subscriptions.yaml)
 ```
